
Open Main.storyboard from the Project Navigator. As you saw in part 1 of this series, you already have three components:

* Application Scene
* Window Controller Scene
* View Controller Scene



Application Scene contains the menu bar and menus that appear whenever the APP is running. Window Controller is the part of the app that defines how the window will behave: how it will resize, how new windows will appear, whether the app will save the window size and location and so forth. A window controller can manage more than one window, but if they need different properties, you will need to add another window controller.



View Controller displays the user interface inside the window — that is where you will layout the UI for the main display.




> Notice that the Window Controller has an arrow pointing into it. This indicates it will control the initial display when the app starts up. You can check this by selecting the Window Controller in the Document Outline and going to the Attributes Inspector. Uncheck Is Initial Controller and the arrow will disappear. Check it again as you do want this to be the initial controller.


<hr>

<hr>

<hr>

### Window Controller


Before you start on the user interface, make sure you have selected Main.storyboard in the Project Navigator. Click inside the Window Controller to select its window. The Window Controller in the Visual Editor shows the text “View Controller” because this is what it contains. For this app, you do not want to allow the window to shrink below 346 x 471 pixels. This will also be the starting size of the window.


感觉， Mac OS 里面， Window 和 ViewController 的关系， 特别明显



<hr>

<hr>

<hr>


##  Command-D

Expand the button to show all the text.

With the Start button selected, press Command-D twice to create 2 more copies.

Drag the new buttons out so you can see them all.
