
## learn about the basics of setting up a unit test target,
And boarding your app's target,
And writing a few simple unit tests.


### a master-detail style app.

Normally you can only access the public parts of a different module,

However , Swift adds a special import for use and testing,
#### @teatable import.
This gives you access to both the internal
and the public components for the imported module.



### XCTestCase,                     XCTAssert

> each test method must begin with the word test,
It should be as simple as possible and do just one thing,

> Each test method should test one unit of work,



### When you run a test , here is what happens.
First , the test runner looks for the method setUp.
which you are expected to use to perform test method setUp.


Next, the test runner executes one of the test methods that begin with the word test.
Test order is not guaranteed ,
So it is important to make sure your tests are designed to be independent from one another.


After the test is completed , whether it passed or failed,
that is , as long as your unit test did not actually crash
while executing, the test runner calls tearDown method,
where you are expexted to perform test tearDown( )


Lastly, the test runner checks if there is any other methods that begin with the word test.
If so , it executes another test method,
again calling setUp( ) ,before the test message is called

and tearDown( ) after it completes.



> There by both setUp and tearDown are called,
once for each test method,


> As you might imagine, you could easily waste all day writing useless , repetitive tests,

So it is important to define what makes a test useful.


<hr>

<hr>

# 什么是 有用的 测试？three criteria

### First, the test must be able to fail.
If a test can not ever fail , it  is worthless.
and you should delete it.


### Second , the test must be able to pass.
If the tests have impossible criteria.


### lastly , the test must be refactored and kept simple.
If two tests are identicial , one of them should be deleted.




## 测试流， Red-Green-Refactor Cycle.

{

Xcode 测试 报错， 是 红色的。


Xcode 测试 通过 pass ， 是 绿色的。


}


{

Now we are still in the refactoring phase,

So again , we wanna go from green to green.



}



