
## how to perform tests on your asynchronous code,

## also learn about mock objects.


<hr>


<hr>


## 测试 代码， 顺序 执行。


> This means tests won't wait for your asynchronous calls .
That return right away , but then they they do background work.
Even if you use a completion handler,
It is possible the test will actually end, before the handler gets called.





<hr>


<hr>


To solve this problem ,
### XCTest has the concept of expectations.
You set up an expectation with a description,
and then you tell the test to wait
for the expectation to be fulfilled.


<hr>


In between , you do your asynchronous call.
Whenever your asynchronous task completes ,
you signal that the expectation has been fulfilled.







<hr>


<hr>

Sometimes , your code is asynchronous,
because it relies on an external service , or an endpoint , such as networking.


In test , use a mock object instead.


Well , technically , a mock object is an over simplification.

<hr>


<hr>



在 Swift 中 Mock , 比在 OC 中 困难，

### This is due to the lack of a robust dynamic runtime support in Swift.


### Instead, Swift relies heavily on type checking, which happens at complie time.



Consequently , there are not any true mock libraries in Swift.


<i>Bummer</i>



Instead, you will need to create mocks by hand.



<hr>


<hr>



Sometimes, you do want to use real external services,
or endpoints in your tests.


## integration tests

<hr>


<hr>



to create a new integration test target ,
where you will test your asynchronous networking calls.
that ate currently used within the app.



