
# 使用 instruments 的 3 ways:
* to improve performance.
check time consuming functions.



* Fix a memory problem ,


* or improve your battery life.


<hr>

<hr>


### its various panels and modes

as well as what a lot of the readings and symbols


<hr>
<hr>

## Instruments and its little brother Xcode's debug gauges.

### Xcode's build in debug gauges.

These mini profiers are always on by default.


Each one will give you a graph of the history of what is being measured.


<hr>



#### Japanese Flag
as the Record Button


#### 右上角 按钮, 第一个
# Plus Instruments
(我擦， 有一种组合 的 节奏)


##### The first one allows you to add other instruments to your current trace document.


#### 右上角 按钮, 其后三个 ( 现在 改版了， 放在 中间视图了 )

Next , we have the three stategies.
Each of these buttons change the contents of the Timeline pane below.
From left tp right,
we have the CPU Strategy, the Instrument Straregy , and the Thread Strategy.


> The Instrument Strategy is the default view.
But the other two allow you to inspect work being done
on individual CPU cores and individual threads
respectively.
{
CPU button, as we can see,
Core 0 and Core 1 on my phone are each doing

}

{
Then checking out the thread separetely,

you can see that this is the work being done on the main thread.

and each of these dispatch worker threads are doing little bits of work here and three.


}

看 Time Line

Below the Timeline is the main attraction, the Detail Pane.


## Time Profier



#### Best Practices:

you should always be doing your profiling on the slowest device that you intend to support


### 开启 Instruments 的 第三种方式：

If you come over here to the Play button , and you hold it.
you click and you hold.
You can come down here and test Profile.


#### It is usually a better idea to go ahead and test what you want to test.



#### Time Line 放大缩小:
which we can either scroll with our trackpad to zoom in on this.
Or you can also do an Option + scroll with your mouse.

> 这么看， 用 Imac 就不太 好搞了。
As you can see right now, it is actually separated by thread.

### Option: you can Invert the Call Tree ,
So everything is reversed.
And the leaf calls are at the top,
And the main thread call is at the bottom of the tree,



#### 下面的 大片，就是 call tree 了。
{
看，

dispatch_worker_thread,

GSEventRunModel,

CFRunLoopRun (CFRunLoopRunSpecific )


}



### Option: you can Invert the Call Tree ,
So everything is reversed.
And the leaf calls are at the top,
And the main thread call is at the bottom of the tree,

### 隐藏 苹果的 方法， 只看自己 写的


### Flatten Recursion   解递归
> say you see the same method , like , listed 20 times,
you may assume that is recursion, hit this button,
and then those will all be taken , and turned into one call



### Top Functions , makes it
so that each function counts all of the things inside of it towards its time
If Function A takes five seconds by itself and B takes 10,
A will actually report itself as taking 15 seconds in all.





