




<hr>


<hr>


dSYM files store the debug symbols for your app

Services like crashlytics use it to replace the symbols in the crash logs with the appropriate methods names so it will be readable and will make sense.

the benefit of using the dSYM is that you don't need to ship your App with it symbols making it harder to reverse engineer it and also reduce your binary size

in order to use it in order to symbolicate the crash log you need to drag the crash log into the device's device logs in the organizer of the machine that compiled the APP BINARY (a machine that stores the dSYM)

if you have the dSYM but don't have the machine the compiled the app binary follow the instructions in this link in order to install the dSYM into the machine

for more information please see apple technical note TN2151

<hr>



<hr>


As always understanding the abbreviations help!

#### DWARF is a widely used, standardized debugging data format:

DWARF was originally designed along with Executable and Linkable Format (ELF), although it is independent of object file formats. The name is a medieval fantasy complement to "ELF" that has no official meaning. Only that both (dwarf and elf) are mythological creatures

### Debug Symbol (dSYM):

By default, debug builds of an application store the debug symbols inside the compiled binary while release builds of an application store the debug symbols in a companion dSYM file to reduce the binary size.

The Debug Symbol file and application binary are tied together on a per-build-basis by the build UUID. A new UUID is generated for each build of your application and uniquely identifies that build. Even if a functionally-identical executable is rebuilt from the same source code, with the same compiler settings, it will have a different build UUID.

<hr>


So long story short


* DWARF is just a debug file


* DWARF with dSYM File is a debug file along with symbolification file


<hr>





https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/aix/library/au-dwarf-debug-format/index.html



<hr>


https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3656391/whats-the-dsym-and-how-to-use-it-ios-sdk




<hr>



https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22539691/whats-the-difference-between-dwarf-and-dwarf-with-dsym-file


<hr>


# debugging with attributed record formats

<hr>





DWARF (debuggingwith attributedrecord formats) is a debugging file format used by many compilers and debuggers to support source-level debugging. It is the format of debugging information within an object file. The DWARF description of a program is a tree structure where each node can have children or siblings. The nodes might represent types, variables, or functions.
