# 5
# Where do tasks run?



### On threads


The UI runs on the main thread.


The system creates other threads for its own tasks.

<hr>


You app can use these , or create its own.

## 你的 应用， 能够使用 系统 已有的 线程， 也可以 新建。


You can create and manage threads directly.

but without the system's knowledge of the load and hardware.

## 不了解 加载 与 硬件等操作系统的知识，

your tasks might produce a thread explosion.


that slows down or even crashes your app.
instead of speeding up the response.
## 线程 太多了， 也不好

<hr>

Use GCD and Operations
to set up the tasks,

and let the system manage the threads,

### 系统 自动 托管 这些 线程

<hr>


<hr>



<hr>



#### GCD grants and true dispatch and
### Operations let you work with queues instead of directly managing threads
You create units of work, tasks or operations,
and run them off the main thread
## 创建的线程， 并不 跑在 主线程上。

on dispatch or operation queues.



<hr>


The system figures out how many threafs to create.


<hr>

<hr>

<hr>



If you app adds more tasks,
the system might create more threads,


## not to worry


You are working at a higher level than threads.


Your app could create too many queues. which could produce a thread explosion.


## Try to use the system's queues
instead of creating your own.


You can also group related tasks into dispatch groups or operation queues,
## GCD, GCD_group,  线程 管理 的 层级 真多

and let the system manage the total number of threads needed
to complete the group of tasks.
## 系统管的好





<hr>

<hr>



GCD and Operation
make it easy to run slow tasks asynchronously on another thread.
很简单， 就可以 把 延时 任务 异步 放在 另一个线程



Some APIs do this natually.
many methods in URLSession and CloudKit start themselves. on a separate thread,
immediately return control to the main thread.

and then run your completion handler when they finish.

## 很经典 的 套路





