
You often need to combine an asynchronous function
with synchronous tasks in a dispatch group or an operation queue,


but remember , the group or queue needs to know
when each task has really finished,

异步 方法 不会 自动告诉， 任务完成了的 时机。


<hr>


<hr>


GCD and Operations provide different ways
to make synchronous functions behave like asynchronous functions .


Choosing between them can depend on
how you want the task to communicate with the main queue and with each other.

and whether that communication needs specific thread safety.
是否 需要 特定的 线程 安全



<hr>






<hr>



# 并发 编程， 不容易啊。



and you can run into problems that are hard to debug,

because they do not occur every time,


because concurrent tasks do not run in the same order.
for the same duration every time.
## 每次跑， 任务执行 的 顺序， 又变了,
（执行时间 也可能 不一样 ）？




<hr>



<hr>


# 并发 编程 的 三个 潜在 问题

## CONCURRENCY PROBLEMS


GCD and Operations help you avoid
帮助 避免 资源竞争 和 优先级 倒置



至于 死锁，
but you have to keep your wits about you to avoid deadlocks.



<hr>


<hr>

## 1
# Race condition


> a race condition can happen when two threads try to access the same value.
The result depends on how the threads are scheduled,
when they start , sleep , resume relative to each other.




## 经典 例子
2 个 线程

Suppose threads 1 and 2 both want to increament a value,
which is stored in memory somewhere.


<hr>


inc , 调用 increament 方法
r ,  read
w, write



<hr>


## Race conditions depend on the timing between threads.
which is hardly ever the same.

#### 每次 都 ， 不一样

So ， race conditions are really hard to debug.

<hr>



Xcode 8 introduces a thread-sanitizer tool , TSan,
### to help you find potential race conditions in your code.



<hr>

## 以前 是 这么搞的, 用 锁


In a traditional threading model,
the solution to this  is to lock the resource .
while you increment it , but this can cause deadlock,
### if you are not careful.


## 串行 队列， 也可以

Another solution is to use a serial queue,  to restrict access to the resource.


