
> Note: The first time you ever build and run an app in Xcode, you might be asked whether you want to Enable Developer Mode on this MAC. You’re safe to select Enable, at which point you may have to enter your password. Developer mode allows Xcode to attach a debugger to running processes – which will be extremely useful when building your application!


<hr>


<hr>


<hr>


# Story board


Application Scene: The menu bar and items.
Window Controller Scene: Configures how the window will behave.
View Controller Scene: Where your UI elements will go.

<hr>


<hr>


<hr>


## 就是右边的工具栏


In the Utilities panel, you see a top section with 8 tabs and a bottom section with 4 tabs.



The bottom section switches between various things you can insert into your project. Right now you want to insert UI elements, so select the Object library which is the third from the left.




In the filter at the bottom, type “text” to reduce the number of choices, and drag a Text Field into your View Controller Scene.




<hr>


<hr>


### text field


Now, build and run the APP using the Play button or Command-R. You will see these 3 UI elements. Try typing in the text field – it already supports all the standard editing shortcuts: copy, paste, cut, select all, undo, redo and so on.




<hr>


<hr>



## 上面的 Editor 选项， 不是 Edit 选项

Change the title of the button to .


The button may not be wide enough to show all the text, so go to the Editor menu and select Size to Fit Content which should fix that.


(If Size to Fit Content is disabled, click somewhere to de-select the button, then re-select it and try again.)







<hr>


<hr>



Stretch the text field out a bit to allow for long names and position the button to the right of it. When dragging objects around in the View Controller Scene, blue lines will appear to help you align and position the objects based on Apple’s Human Interface Guidelines.
