
The buttons also need @IBActions. Control-drag from the Start button but this time change the Connection popup to Action and set the name to startButtonClicked. Repeat for the other buttons creating actions called stopButtonClickedand resetButtonClicked.


<hr>


If you do what I often do and forget to change the Connection popup to Action, you will end up with two @IBOutlets and no @IBAction. To remove the extra @IBOutlet, firstly delete the extra line of code in the ViewController. Then go to the Connections Inspector in Utilities.



You will see the two entries under Referencing Outlets. Click the X beside the incorrect one to remove it. Then go back and make the @IBAction remembering to change the Connection popup this time.



<hr>


<hr>



<hr>

# Menus


In Main.storyboard, click on the menu bar or Application Scene to select it. The APP template provides a default set of menus, but for this app, most of them are unnecessary. The easiest way to explore the menus is using the Document Outline. Use the disclosure triangles to display the View menu and its contents.

<hr>




<hr>


The structure of the menu bar is a series of nested menus and menu items. Switch to the Identity Inspector in the Utilities panel so that you can see what each entry in the list really is as you click on it. Main Menu is an instance of class NSMenu. It contains an array of NSMenuItems: View is one of these.

The View menu item contains a sub-menu (NSMenu) with its own NSMenuItems. Notice the Separator item which is just a specialized form of NSMenuItem.

The first thing to do is to delete the menus that you do not need for this app. Select the File menu in the Document Outline and press Delete to remove it. If you select it in the Visual Editor and delete, you will only have deleted the menu inside the File menu item, so you will be left with a space in the menu bar. If this happens, select the space and press Delete again to remove it.

Keep deleting menus until you only have EggTimer, Window and Help.


