
Now you are going to add a new menu which will mimic the operations of the 3 buttons. Search for “menu” in the Object Library. Remembering that each menu starts with a menu item, drag a Menu Item into the menu bar between EggTimer and Window. It will appear as a blue box, but that is because it doesn’t have a menu with a title yet.


<hr>

Now drag a Menu into the blue box. If you find it difficult to target the blue box, drag into the Document Outline instead, just under the new Item. The new menu still doesn’t have a title, but it now has three items.



<hr>


<hr>



<hr>


With the menu selected ( <strong> not the item  </strong> ), switch to the Attributes Inspector and change the title to Timer. This will allocate a name to your new menu. Select Item 1 and change its title to Start either by double-clicking and editing it in place or by using the Attributes Inspector.



## 快捷键




Click in the Key Equivalent field in the Attributes Inspector and press Command-S to assign a keyboard shortcut. Normally Command-S means Save, but as you have deleted the File menu this isn’t a conflict, although it is not best practice to re-use common shortcuts for other purposes.




Use the same methods to set the title for the second item to Stop with a shortcut of Command-X and the third item’s title to Reset with Command-R as its shortcut.

<hr>

<hr>

<hr>

<hr>




You can see three buttons across the top of the menu bar in the Visual Editor. Switch to the Identity Inspector. Clicking on each of these in turn shows that they are links to the Application, the First Responder and the AppDelegate. First Responder is usually the view controller that is currently frontmost, and it can receive actions from the menu items.





### 现在是 四个按钮，
第四个 是 Font Manager

