
```
View Controller displays the user interface inside the window — that is where you will layout the UI for the main display.


```


<hr>


<hr>


<hr>

Connect the Stop menu item to stopTimerMenuItemSelected and the Reset menu item to resetTimerMenuItemSelected in the same way. <strong>   Now when the EggTimer window is at the front, selecting the menu items will call these functions.    </strong>

However the 3 buttons are not all going to be enabled at the same time, and the menu items need to reflect the status of the buttons. This cannot happen in the ViewController as it will not always be the First Responder, so the menu items will be controlled in the AppDelegate.



With the Main.storyboard open and the menus visible, option-click on AppDelegate.swift in the Project Navigator. Control-drag from the Start menu into the AppDelegate and assign an outlet name of startTimerMenuItem.     // 右键， 拖出去




Do the same for the other items, assigning titles of stopTimerMenuItem and resetTimerMenuItem.


<hr>


<hr>





In Part 3 you will add code to enable and disable these menu items as required, but for now, you need to turn off the automatic enabling and disabling. Usually, the APP will check to see if the current First Responder has an action for the menu item and disables it does not. For this app, you want to control this yourself. Select the Timer menu and uncheck Auto Enables Items in the Attributes Inspector.


```

 Select the Timer menu  ,
 
是 选择 Timer 选项 的 菜单 menu 


```




<hr>


<hr>







> Select the window in the preferences window controller and use the Attributes Inspector to set its title to Preferences. Do not set an autosave name, as this window is going to be centered in the screen every time it appears. Uncheck the Minimize and Resize controls so that the window size is fixed.


<hr>


<hr>








Go to the Size Inspector and enter a width of 416 and a height of 214 for the Content Size.
Under Initial Position, select Center Horizontally and Center Vertically from the 2 popups.


## 这个， 有截屏



<hr>


<hr>






<hr>


<hr>

Select the popup itself, not any of the items, and set its Selected Item to the 6 minute option.

## 这个，我也是 有截图的。



在 Attributes Inspector 中

