





## Sandboxing



Before you dive into the code, take a minute to consider sandboxing. If you are an IOS developer, you will already be familiar with this concept – if not, read on.

A sandboxed APP has its own space to work in with separate file storage areas, no access to the files created by other apps and limited access and permissions. For iOS apps, this is the only way to operate. For macOS apps, this is optional; however, if you want to distribute your apps through the Mac App Store, they must be sandboxed. As a general rule, you should sandbox your apps, as this gives your apps less potential to cause problems.

To turn on sandboxing for the Egg Timer APP, select the project in the Project Navigator — this is the top entry with the blue icon. Select EggTimer in the Targets list (there will only be one target listed), then click Capabilities in the tabs across the top. Click the switch to turn on App Sandbox. The display will expand to show the various permissions you can now request for your app. This app doesn’t need any of these, so leave them all unchecked.






<hr>


<hr>



<hr>




### Organizing Your Files



Look at the Project Navigator. All the files are listed with no particular organization. This app will not have very many files, but grouping similar files together is good practice and allows for more efficient navigation, especially with larger projects.




<hr>



<hr>



> MVC 描述， 也算 精彩


## MVC
#### This APP is using the MVC pattern: Model View Controller.

The main model object type for the app is going to be a class called EggTimer. This class will have properties for the start time of the timer, the requested duration and the elapsed time. It will also have a Timer object that fires every second to update itself. Methods will start, stop, resume or reset the EggTimer object.

The EggTimer model class holds data and performs actions, but has no knowledge of how this is displayed. The Controller (in this case ViewController), knows about the EggTimer class (the Model) and has a View that it can use to display the data.

To communicate back to the ViewController, EggTimer uses a delegate protocol. When something changes, the EggTimer sends a message to its delegate. The ViewController assigns itself as the EggTimer's delegate, so it is the one that receives the message and then it can display the new data in its own View.
